Remove Policy creation and associated variables (#178)
terraform-ibm-modules/terraform-ibm-event-streams: README.md

[![Renovate enabled](https://img.shields.io/badge/renovate-enabled-brightgreen.svg)](https://renovatebot.com/)

This module implements Event Streams with topics, partitions, throughput, storage size, cleanup policy, retention time, retention size, segment size, and schema.

## About KMS encryption

The Event Streams service supports payload data encryption that uses a root key CRN of a key management service, such as Key Protect or Hyper Protect Crypto Services (HPCS). You specify the root key CRN with the `kms_key_crn` input. For more information, see [Managing encryption in Event Streams](https://cloud.ibm.com/docs/EventStreams?topic=EventStreams-managing_encryption).

Before you run the module, configure an authorization policy to allow the Event Streams service to access the key management service instance with the reader role. For more information, see [Using authorizations to grant access between services](https://cloud.ibm.com/docs/account?topic=account-serviceauth).

> You can't manage the policy in the same Terraform state file as the Event Streams service instance because the instance is soft deleted to support recovery (reclamation) of the Event Streams instance when you issue a `destroy` command. An authorization policy must exist when the instance is hard deleted or restored or else the unregistration of the instance from the root key fails on the backend. If the policy doesn't exist, the only way to unregister the instance, which is a requirement for deletion, is by opening a support case. For more information, see [Using a customer-managed key](https://cloud.ibm.com/docs/EventStreams?topic=EventStreams-managing_encryption#using_encryption).

Reviewer: Slight tweek:

You can't manage the policy in the same Terraform state file as the Event Streams service instance because when you issue a `destroy` command, the instance is actually only soft deleted, and will remain as a reclamation resources for a period of time to support recovery (reclamation). An authorization policy must exist when the instance is hard deleted or reclaimed or else the unregistration of the instance from the root key fails on the backend. If the policy doesn't exist, the only way to unregister the instance, which is a requirement for deletion of the root key, is by opening a support case. For more information, see [Using a customer-managed key](https://cloud.ibm.com/docs/EventStreams?topic=EventStreams-managing_encryption#using_encryption).

This module implements Event Streams with topics, partitions, throughput, storage size, cleanup policy, retention time, retention size, segment size and schema.

## Note for KMS encryption

The Event Streams service supports payload data encryption using a root key CRN of a Key Management Services like Key Protect or Hyper Protect Crypto Services (HPCS), see https://cloud.ibm.com/docs/EventStreams?topic=EventStreams-managing_encryption
The root key CRN can be specified using the `kms_key_crn` variable.
The authorization policy to allow the Event Streams service to access the key management service instance as a Reader MUST be configured in advance, see https://cloud.ibm.com/docs/account?topic=account-serviceauth
This cannot be managed in the same Terraform state as the Event Streams service instance, because on destroy the instance is soft deleted to allow for recovery.
The authorization policy must still be inplace when the instance is hard deleted or restored, otherwise the de-registration of the instance from the root key will fail on the backend, and you will not be able to delete the root key without creating a support case,

> for more details see https://cloud.ibm.com/docs/EventStreams?topic=EventStreams-managing_encryption#using_encryption

Reviewer: You would need blank lines if you wanted to paragraph that text. It all shows in same paragraph:
![image](https://github.com/terraform-ibm-modules/terraform-ibm-event-streams/assets/29608224/57d88a3a-d280-45bc-a7ef-0376c33fb77c)

Perhaps use hyperlinks too so its easier on the eyes

> ## Note for KMS encryption
> 
> The Event Streams service supports payload data encryption using a root key CRN of a Key Management Services like Key Protect or Hyper Protect Crypto Services (HPCS), see https://cloud.ibm.com/docs/EventStreams?topic=EventStreams-managing_encryption
> The root key CRN can be specified using the `kms_key_crn` variable.
> The authorization policy to allow the Event Streams service to access the key management service instance as a Reader MUST be configured in advance, see https://cloud.ibm.com/docs/account?topic=account-serviceauth
> This cannot be managed in the same Terraform state as the Event Streams service instance, because on destroy the instance is soft deleted to allow for recovery.
> The authorization policy must still be inplace when the instance is hard deleted or restored, otherwise the de-registration of the instance from the root key will fail on the backend, and you will not be able to delete the root key without creating a support case,
> for more details see https://cloud.ibm.com/docs/EventStreams?topic=EventStreams-managing_encryption#using_encryption

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## About KMS encryption

The Event Streams service supports payload data encryption that uses a root key CRN of a key management service, such as Key Protect or Hyper Protect Crypto Services (HPCS). You specify the root key CRN with the `kms_key_crn` input. For more information, see [Managing encryption in Event Streams](https://cloud.ibm.com/docs/EventStreams?topic=EventStreams-managing_encryption).

Before XXX, configure an authorization policy to allow the Event Streams service to access the key management service instance with the reader role. For more information, see [Using authorizations to grant access between services](https://cloud.ibm.com/docs/account?topic=account-serviceauth). 

You can't manage the policy in the same Terraform state file as the Event Streams service instance because the instance is soft deleted to support recovery of the key when you issue a `destroy` command. The authorization policy must exist when the instance is hard deleted or restored or the de-registration of the instance from the root key fails on the backend. If the policy doesn't exist, the only way to delete the root key is by opening a support case because. For more information, see [Using a customer-managed key](https://cloud.ibm.com/docs/EventStreams?topic=EventStreams-managing_encryption#using_encryption).
```
There's a lot of detail in here. Here's my first attempt.

**Questions**
first sentence: is it rather, "payload data encryption _by using_ a root key CRN..." 
`using` is ambiguous

2nd para: 
- XXX: In advance of what?
- You can't manage the **policy** or the **service** or something else in the Terraform?
`This` is ambiguous.

Reviewer: > XXX: In advance of what?

^^ running the module

Reviewer: > to support recovery of the key

its not recovery of the key, its recovery (reclamation) of the instance

Reviewer: > the only way to delete the root key

^ the only way to re-register the instance from the root key, which is required if you want to delete it ....

        - `Editor` platform access
        - `Manager` service access

> ## Note for KMS encryption

Reviewer: I would move this to the description section, above the Overview title

Author: This is under Required IAM access policies section, but can move

Reviewer: Oh I see - `Required IAM access policies` usually only covers the access required for the apikey being used, not service to service auth policies. I think it wont be seen here, so suggest move it

The Event Streams service supports payload data encryption using a root key CRN of a Key Management Services like Key Protect or Hyper Protect Crypto Services (HPCS), see https://cloud.ibm.com/docs/EventStreams?topic=EventStreams-managing_encryption
The root key CRN can be specified using the `kms_key_crn` variable.
The authorization policy to allow the Event Streams service to access the key management service instance as a Reader MUST be configured in advance, see https://cloud.ibm.com/docs/account?topic=account-serviceauth
This cannot be managed in the same Terraform state as the Event Streams service instance, because on destroy the instance is soft deleted to allow for recovery.

> The authorization policy must still be inplace when the instance is fully destroyed or restored for more details see https://cloud.ibm.com/docs/EventStreams?topic=EventStreams-managing_encryption#using_encryption

Reviewer: otherwise the de-registration of the instance from the root key will fail on the backend, and you will not be able to delete the root key without creating a support case

        - `Editor` platform access
        - `Manager` service access

#### Note for KMS encryption

The Event Streams service supports payload data encryption using a root key CRN of a Key Management Services like Key Protect or Hyper Protect Crypto Services (HPCS), see https://cloud.ibm.com/docs/EventStreams?topic=EventStreams-managing_encryption
The root key CRN can be specified using the `kms_key_crn` variable.
The authorization policy to allow the Event Streams service to access the key management service instance as a Reader MUST be configured in advance, see https://cloud.ibm.com/docs/account?topic=account-serviceauth
This cannot be managed in the same Terraform state as the Event Streams service instance, because on destroy the instance is soft deleted to allow for recovery.

> The authorization policy must still be inplace when the instance is fully destroyed or restored, otherwise the de-registration of the instance from the root key will fail on the backend, and you will not be able to delete the root key without creating a support case,

Reviewer: when the instance is fully reclaimed (or hard deleted was also a term used)
